#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.2.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
clang==5.0
    # via tensorflow
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dill==0.3.4
    # via tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
keras==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tensorboard==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-datasets==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via tensorflow-text
tensorflow-metadata==1.4.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-text==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
